PRIVACY.md, before:

# Privacy

## Single purpose

Opens videos in webpages with a media player program.

## Permission justification

Permission | Justification
--- | ---
[`"activeTab"`] | This permission is used to open the current tab’s URL with mpv.
[`"contextMenus"`] | This permission is used to add the “Documentation” and “Support Chat” buttons to the mpv toolbar.
[`"nativeMessaging"`] | This permission is used to allow communication with the shell application.
[`"storage"`] | This permission is used to save your options.
[`"tabGroups"`] | This permission is used to open a new tab to the right.

[`"activeTab"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#activeTab
[`"contextMenus"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#contextMenus
[`"nativeMessaging"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#nativeMessaging
[`"storage"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#storage
[`"tabGroups"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#tabGroups

Learn more about [CWS Dashboard Privacy].

[CWS Dashboard Privacy]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/cws-dashboard-privacy

Commit message:

Add `"scripting"` permission for copying debug information

PRIVACY.md, after:

# Privacy

## Single purpose

Opens videos in webpages with a media player program.

## Permission justification

Permission | Justification
--- | ---
[`"activeTab"`] | This permission is used in conjunction with the `"scripting"` permission for interacting with web pages and to open the current tab’s URL with mpv.
[`"contextMenus"`] | This permission is used to add the “Documentation” and “Support Chat” buttons to the mpv toolbar.
[`"nativeMessaging"`] | This permission is used to allow communication with the shell application.
[`"scripting"`] | This permission is used for copying debug information to the system clipboard.
[`"storage"`] | This permission is used to save your options.
[`"tabGroups"`] | This permission is used to open a new tab to the right.

[`"activeTab"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#activeTab
[`"contextMenus"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#contextMenus
[`"nativeMessaging"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#nativeMessaging
[`"scripting"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#scripting
[`"storage"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#storage
[`"tabGroups"`]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/permissions-list#tabGroups

Learn more about [CWS Dashboard Privacy].

[CWS Dashboard Privacy]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/cws-dashboard-privacy
